[WAIT TO MERGE] only exclude volume-based Denial of Service attacks (#48)
18F/vulnerability-disclosure-policy: vulnerability-disclosure-policy.md

**The following test types are not authorized:**

* User interface bugs or typos.

> * Volume-based [denial of service (DoS or DDoS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) tests.

Reviewer: Been thinking on how to clarify. I think when we say "DoS tests" are excluded, it's being interpreted as DoS vulnerabilities are excluded, but that is not true, a vulnerability affecting Availability is certainly in scope. Does this sound like it effectively makes the distinction between the _tests_ being excluded, but not DoS vulnerabilities.

```suggestion
* Network [denial of service (DoS or DDoS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) tests. This does not exclude vulnerabilities impacting Availability.
```
